<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>Epigraph</title>
		<link href="../css/book.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body>

	 <p>All in the golden afternoon<br />
					<span style="padding-left:20px">leisurely we glide;</span><br />
				For both our oars, with little skill,<br />
					<span style="padding-left:20px">By little arms are plied;</span><br />
				While little hands make vain pretence<br />
					<span style="padding-left:20px">Our wanderings to guide.</span><br /> <br />
		Ah, cruel Three! In such an hour,<br/>
					<span style="padding-left:20px">Beneath such dreamy weather,</span><br />
				To beg a tale of breath too weak<br />
					<span style="padding-left:20px">To stir the tiniest feather!</span><br />
				Yet what can one poor voice avail<br />
					<span style="padding-left:20px">Against three tongues together?</span><br /> <br />
					<span id="page_n11" epub:type="pagebreak" title="n11"></span>
		Imperious Prima flashes forth<br />
					<span style="padding-left:20px">Her edict “to begin it”:</span><br />
				In gentler tones Secunda hopes<br />
					<span style="padding-left:20px">“There will be nonsense in it.”</span><br />
				While Tertia interrupts the tale<br />
					<span style="padding-left:20px">Not <em>more</em> than once a minute.</span><br /><br />
		Anon, to sudden silence won,<br />
					<span style="padding-left:20px">In fancy they pursue</span><br />
				The dream-child moving through a land<br />
					<span style="padding-left:20px">Of wonders wild and new,</span><br />
				In friendly chat with bird or beast⁠—<br />
					<span style="padding-left:20px">And half believe it true.</span><br /><br />
		 And ever, as the story drained<br />
					<span style="padding-left:20px">The wells of fancy dry,</span><br />
				And faintly strove that weary one<br />
					<span style="padding-left:20px">To put the subject by,</span><br />
				“The rest next time⁠—” “It <em>is</em> next time!”<br />
					<span style="padding-left:20px">The happy voices cry.</span><br /><br />
			Thus grew the tale of Wonderland:<br />
					<span style="padding-left:20px">Thus slowly, one by one,</span><br />
				Its quaint events were hammered out⁠—<br />
					<span style="padding-left:20px">And now the tale is done,</span><br />
				And home we steer, a merry crew,<br />
					<span style="padding-left:20px">Beneath the setting sun.</span><br /><br />
					<span id="page_n12" epub:type="pagebreak" title="n12"></span>
			Alice! A childish story take,<br />
					<span style="padding-left:20px">And with a gentle hand</span><br />
				Lay it where Childhood’s dreams are twined<br />
					<span style="padding-left:20px">In Memory’s mystic band,</span><br />
				Like pilgrim’s withered wreath of flowers<br />
					<span style="padding-left:20px">Pluck’d in a far-off land.</span></p>


	</body>
</html>
